README.md, before:

# [RandomNinjaAtk/lidarr-extended](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/automated/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20On-DockerHub-blue?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/lidarr.png" width="150"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plus.png" width="75"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/music.png" width="150"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plus.png" width="75"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/video.png" width="150"></td>
  </tr>
 </table>
 
## Lidarr + Extended Script Features
* [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/) Develop (develop branch), base image provided by [LinuxServer.io Team](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-lidarr)
* Downloading **Music** using online sources for use in popular applications (Plex/Kodi/Emby/Jellyfin): 
  * Completely automated
  * Searches for downloads based on Lidarr's album missing & cutoff list
  * Downloads using a third party download client automatically
  * FLAC (lossless) / MP3 (320/128) / AAC (320/96) Download Quality
  * Can convert Downloaded FLAC files to preferred audio format and bitrate before import into Lidarr
  * Notifies Lidarr to automatically import downloaded files
  * Music is properly tagged and includes coverart before Lidarr Receives them
  * Can add Replaygain tags to tracks
  * Can add top artists from online services
  * Can add artists related to your artists in your existing Library
  * Can notify Plex application to scan the individual artist folder after successful import, thus increasing the speed of Plex scanning and reducing overhead
* Downloading **Music Videos** using online sources for use in popular applications (Plex/Kodi/Emby/Jellyfin):
  * Completely automated
  * Searches Lidarr Artists (musicbrainz) video recordings for videos to download
  * Saves videos in MKV format
  * Downloads using Highest available quality for both audio and video
  * Saves thumbnail of video locally for Plex/Kodi/Jellyfin/Emby usage
  * Embed subtitles if available matching desired language
  * Automatically Add Featured Music Video Artists to Lidarr
  * Writes metadata into Kodi/Jellyfin/Emby compliant NFO file
    * Tagged Data includes
      * Title (musicbrainz)
      * Year (upload year/release year)
      * Artist (Lidarr)
      * Thumbnail Image (service thumbnail image)
      * Artist Genere Tags (Lidarr)
  * Embeds metadata into Music Video file
    * Tagged Data includes
      * Title (musicbrainz)
      * Year (upload year/release year)
      * Artist (Lidarr)
      * Thumbnail Image (service thumbnail image)
      * Artist Genere Tags (Lidarr)
      

### Audio & Video (Plex Example)
![](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plex.png)

### Video Example (Kodi)
![](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/kodi-music-videos.png)

## Supported Architectures

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Available | Tag |
| :----: | :----: | ---- |
| multi | ✅ | latest |
| x86-64 | ✅ | amd64 |
| arm64v8 | ✅ | arm64v8 |
| arm32v7 | ✅ | arm32v7 |

## Version Tags

| Tag | Description |
| :----: | --- |
| latest | Lidarr (develop) + Extended Scripts |

## Application Setup

Access the webui at `<your-ip>:8686`, for more information check out [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/).

## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| --- | --- |
| `-p 8686` | The port for the Lidarr webinterface |
| `-v /config` | Configuration files for Lidarr. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-v /downloads-lidarr-extended` | Path for online service downloads. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-v /music` | Path to your music folder location.|
| `-v /music-videos` | Path to your music-videos folder location. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-e TZ=America/New_York` | Specify a timezone to use EST, America/New_York. |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e autoStart=true` | true = enabled :: Runs script automatically on startup |
| `-e scriptInterval=15m` | #s or #m or #h or #d :: s = seconds, m = minutes, h = hours, d = days :: Amount of time between each script run, when autoStart is enabled |
| `-e enableAudioScript=true` | true = enabled :: Enables the Audio script to run with autoStart |
| `-e enableVideoScript=true` | true = enabled :: Enables the Video script to run with autoStart |
| `-e configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true` | true = enabled :: Automatically configures Lidarr with optimal settings |
| `-e searchSort=date` | date or ablum :: Sorts the missing/cutoff list by release date (newest -> oldest) or album type (album -> single) for processing the list |
| `-e audioFormat=native` | native or alac or mp3 or aac or opus :: native is the native download client file type, selected by the matching audio bitrate |
| `-e audioBitrate=lossless` | lossless or high or low or ### :: lossless = flac files, high = 320K, low = 128k/96k, ### = the output bitrate of converted lossless files to selected audioFormat that is not native, example: 192... |
| `-e requireQuality=true` | true = enabled :: Downloads will be required to have the requested file format |
| `-e enableReplaygainTags=true` | true = enabled :: Downloads will be tagged with Replaygain Metadata |
| `-e audioLyricType=both` | both or explicit or clean :: both, is explicit perferred matching, explicit is explicit releases only matching and clean is clean releases only matching |
| `-e dlClientSource=both` | deezer, tidal or both :: set to both, to use both clients, tidal requires extra steps, view logging output |
| `-e arlToken=` | User ARL token for deemix client, see wiki: [Wiki URL](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/wiki/Extended-Audio-Script-Information#q-how-do-i-get-my-arl-token)|
| `-e tidalCountryCode=US` | Country Code required for tidal |
| `-e addDeezerTopArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Artist Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Album Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e addDeezerTopTrackArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Track Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e topLimit=10` | This setting controls the amount of Top Artist (Albums/Tracks/Artists) to add to Lidarr from Deezer |
| `-e addRelatedArtists=false` | true = enabled :: WARNING !!! WARNING !!! Enabling this can cause an endless loop of additional artists.... Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are related to your existing Lidarr artists from Deezer |
| `-e numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5` | 1-20 :: This will limit the number of related artists to add per artist in your library :: Minimum is 1, Maximum is 20 |
| `-e addFeaturedVideoArtists=false` | true = enabled :: WARNING !!! WARNING !!! Enabling this can cause an endless loop of additional artists.... Enabling this will enable the extended Video script to automatically add Music Video Featured Artists to your existing Lidarr artists from IMVDB |
| `-e plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400` | ONLY used if PlexNotify.bash is used...|
| `-e plexToken=` | ONLY used if PlexNotify.bash is used... |
| `-e youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en` | Desired Language Code :: For guidence, please see yt-dlp documentation.

## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker

```
docker create \
  --name=lidarr-extended \
  -v /path/to/config/files:/config \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/downloads-lidarr-extended \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music-videos \
  -p 8686:8686 \
  -e TZ=America/New_York \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e autoStart=true \
  -e enableAudioScript=true \
  -e enableVideoScript=true \
  -e scriptInterval=15m \
  -e configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true \
  -e searchSort=date \
  -e audioFormat=native \
  -e audioBitrate=lossless \
  -e requireQuality=true \
  -e enableReplaygainTags=true \
  -e audioLyricType=both \
  -e dlClientSource=both \
  -e arlToken=Token_Goes_Here \
  -e tidalCountryCode=US \
  -e addDeezerTopArtists=true \
  -e addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=true \
  -e addDeezerTopTrackArtists=true \
  -e topLimit=10 \
  -e addRelatedArtists=false \
  -e numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5 \
  -e addFeaturedVideoArtists=false \
  -e plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400 \
  -e plexToken=Token_Goes_Here \
  -e youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended:latest
```


### docker-compose

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```
version: "2.1"
services:
  lidarr-extended:
    image: randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended:latest
    container_name: lidarr-extended
    volumes:
      - /path/to/config/files:/config
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/downloads-lidarr-extended
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music-videos
    environment:
      - TZ=America/New_York
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - autoStart=true
      - enableAudioScript=true
      - enableVideoScript=true
      - scriptInterval=15m
      - configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true
      - searchSort=date
      - audioFormat=native
      - audioBitrate=lossless
      - requireQuality=true
      - enableReplaygainTags=true
      - audioLyricType=both
      - dlClientSource=both
      - arlToken=Token_Goes_Here
      - tidalCountryCode=US
      - addDeezerTopArtists=true
      - addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=true
      - addDeezerTopTrackArtists=true
      - topLimit=10
      - addRelatedArtists=false
      - numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5
      - addFeaturedVideoArtists=false
      - plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400
      - plexToken=Token_Goes_Here
      - youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en
    ports:
      - 8686:8686
    restart: unless-stopped
```

# Credits
- [LinuxServer.io Team](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-lidarr)
- [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/)
- [Musicbrainz](https://musicbrainz.org/)
- [Docker multi-arch example](https://github.com/ckulka/docker-multi-arch-example)
- [Beets](https://beets.io/)
- [Deemix download client](https://deemix.app/)
- [Tidal-Media-Downloader client](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader)
- [r128gain](https://github.com/desbma/r128gain)
- [Algorithm Implementation/Strings/Levenshtein distance](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Algorithm_Implementation/Strings/Levenshtein_distance)
- Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp)
- [SMA Conversion/Tagging Automation Script](https://github.com/mdhiggins/sickbeard_mp4_automator)

Commit message:

introduce webhook to be posted to when fatal error happens

README.md, after:

# [RandomNinjaAtk/lidarr-extended](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Build](https://img.shields.io/docker/cloud/automated/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)
[![Docker Hub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20On-DockerHub-blue?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended)

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/lidarr.png" width="150"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plus.png" width="75"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/music.png" width="150"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plus.png" width="75"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/video.png" width="150"></td>
  </tr>
 </table>
 
## Lidarr + Extended Script Features
* [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/) Develop (develop branch), base image provided by [LinuxServer.io Team](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-lidarr)
* Downloading **Music** using online sources for use in popular applications (Plex/Kodi/Emby/Jellyfin): 
  * Completely automated
  * Searches for downloads based on Lidarr's album missing & cutoff list
  * Downloads using a third party download client automatically
  * FLAC (lossless) / MP3 (320/128) / AAC (320/96) Download Quality
  * Can convert Downloaded FLAC files to preferred audio format and bitrate before import into Lidarr
  * Notifies Lidarr to automatically import downloaded files
  * Music is properly tagged and includes coverart before Lidarr Receives them
  * Can add Replaygain tags to tracks
  * Can add top artists from online services
  * Can add artists related to your artists in your existing Library
  * Can notify Plex application to scan the individual artist folder after successful import, thus increasing the speed of Plex scanning and reducing overhead
* Downloading **Music Videos** using online sources for use in popular applications (Plex/Kodi/Emby/Jellyfin):
  * Completely automated
  * Searches Lidarr Artists (musicbrainz) video recordings for videos to download
  * Saves videos in MKV format
  * Downloads using Highest available quality for both audio and video
  * Saves thumbnail of video locally for Plex/Kodi/Jellyfin/Emby usage
  * Embed subtitles if available matching desired language
  * Automatically Add Featured Music Video Artists to Lidarr
  * Writes metadata into Kodi/Jellyfin/Emby compliant NFO file
    * Tagged Data includes
      * Title (musicbrainz)
      * Year (upload year/release year)
      * Artist (Lidarr)
      * Thumbnail Image (service thumbnail image)
      * Artist Genere Tags (Lidarr)
  * Embeds metadata into Music Video file
    * Tagged Data includes
      * Title (musicbrainz)
      * Year (upload year/release year)
      * Artist (Lidarr)
      * Thumbnail Image (service thumbnail image)
      * Artist Genere Tags (Lidarr)
      

### Audio & Video (Plex Example)
![](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/plex.png)

### Video Example (Kodi)
![](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/raw/main/.github/kodi-music-videos.png)

## Supported Architectures

The architectures supported by this image are:

| Architecture | Available | Tag |
| :----: | :----: | ---- |
| multi | ✅ | latest |
| x86-64 | ✅ | amd64 |
| arm64v8 | ✅ | arm64v8 |
| arm32v7 | ✅ | arm32v7 |

## Version Tags

| Tag | Description |
| :----: | --- |
| latest | Lidarr (develop) + Extended Scripts |

## Application Setup

Access the webui at `<your-ip>:8686`, for more information check out [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/).

## Parameters

Container images are configured using parameters passed at runtime (such as those above). These parameters are separated by a colon and indicate `<external>:<internal>` respectively. For example, `-p 8080:80` would expose port `80` from inside the container to be accessible from the host's IP on port `8080` outside the container.

| Parameter | Function |
| --- | --- |
| `-p 8686` | The port for the Lidarr webinterface |
| `-v /config` | Configuration files for Lidarr. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-v /downloads-lidarr-extended` | Path for online service downloads. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-v /music` | Path to your music folder location.|
| `-v /music-videos` | Path to your music-videos folder location. (<strong>required path</strong>)|
| `-e TZ=America/New_York` | Specify a timezone to use EST, America/New_York. |
| `-e PUID=1000` | for UserID - see below for explanation |
| `-e PGID=1000` | for GroupID - see below for explanation |
| `-e autoStart=true` | true = enabled :: Runs script automatically on startup |
| `-e scriptInterval=15m` | #s or #m or #h or #d :: s = seconds, m = minutes, h = hours, d = days :: Amount of time between each script run, when autoStart is enabled |
| `-e enableAudioScript=true` | true = enabled :: Enables the Audio script to run with autoStart |
| `-e enableVideoScript=true` | true = enabled :: Enables the Video script to run with autoStart |
| `-e configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true` | true = enabled :: Automatically configures Lidarr with optimal settings |
| `-e searchSort=date` | date or ablum :: Sorts the missing/cutoff list by release date (newest -> oldest) or album type (album -> single) for processing the list |
| `-e audioFormat=native` | native or alac or mp3 or aac or opus :: native is the native download client file type, selected by the matching audio bitrate |
| `-e audioBitrate=lossless` | lossless or high or low or ### :: lossless = flac files, high = 320K, low = 128k/96k, ### = the output bitrate of converted lossless files to selected audioFormat that is not native, example: 192... |
| `-e requireQuality=true` | true = enabled :: Downloads will be required to have the requested file format |
| `-e enableReplaygainTags=true` | true = enabled :: Downloads will be tagged with Replaygain Metadata |
| `-e audioLyricType=both` | both or explicit or clean :: both, is explicit perferred matching, explicit is explicit releases only matching and clean is clean releases only matching |
| `-e dlClientSource=both` | deezer, tidal or both :: set to both, to use both clients, tidal requires extra steps, view logging output |
| `-e arlToken=` | User ARL token for deemix client, see wiki: [Wiki URL](https://github.com/RandomNinjaAtk/docker-lidarr-extended/wiki/Extended-Audio-Script-Information#q-how-do-i-get-my-arl-token)|
| `-e tidalCountryCode=US` | Country Code required for tidal |
| `-e addDeezerTopArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Artist Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Album Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e addDeezerTopTrackArtists=false` | true = enabled :: Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are on the Deezer Top Track Chart to your existing Lidarr instance |
| `-e topLimit=10` | This setting controls the amount of Top Artist (Albums/Tracks/Artists) to add to Lidarr from Deezer |
| `-e addRelatedArtists=false` | true = enabled :: WARNING !!! WARNING !!! Enabling this can cause an endless loop of additional artists.... Enabling this will enable the extended script to automatically add artists that are related to your existing Lidarr artists from Deezer |
| `-e numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5` | 1-20 :: This will limit the number of related artists to add per artist in your library :: Minimum is 1, Maximum is 20 |
| `-e addFeaturedVideoArtists=false` | true = enabled :: WARNING !!! WARNING !!! Enabling this can cause an endless loop of additional artists.... Enabling this will enable the extended Video script to automatically add Music Video Featured Artists to your existing Lidarr artists from IMVDB |
| `-e plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400` | ONLY used if PlexNotify.bash is used...|
| `-e plexToken=` | ONLY used if PlexNotify.bash is used... |
| `-e youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en` | Desired Language Code :: For guidence, please see yt-dlp documentation.
| `-e webHook=https://myhook.mydomain.com` | POST's to this URL on error events which prevent the script from working. Content is JSON `{"event":"eventtype", "message":"eventmessage"}`

## Usage

Here are some example snippets to help you get started creating a container.

### docker

```
docker create \
  --name=lidarr-extended \
  -v /path/to/config/files:/config \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/downloads-lidarr-extended \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music \
  -v /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music-videos \
  -p 8686:8686 \
  -e TZ=America/New_York \
  -e PUID=1000 \
  -e PGID=1000 \
  -e autoStart=true \
  -e enableAudioScript=true \
  -e enableVideoScript=true \
  -e scriptInterval=15m \
  -e configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true \
  -e searchSort=date \
  -e audioFormat=native \
  -e audioBitrate=lossless \
  -e requireQuality=true \
  -e enableReplaygainTags=true \
  -e audioLyricType=both \
  -e dlClientSource=both \
  -e arlToken=Token_Goes_Here \
  -e tidalCountryCode=US \
  -e addDeezerTopArtists=true \
  -e addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=true \
  -e addDeezerTopTrackArtists=true \
  -e topLimit=10 \
  -e addRelatedArtists=false \
  -e numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5 \
  -e addFeaturedVideoArtists=false \
  -e plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400 \
  -e plexToken=Token_Goes_Here \
  -e youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended:latest
```


### docker-compose

Compatible with docker-compose v2 schemas.

```
version: "2.1"
services:
  lidarr-extended:
    image: randomninjaatk/lidarr-extended:latest
    container_name: lidarr-extended
    volumes:
      - /path/to/config/files:/config
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/downloads-lidarr-extended
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music
      - /path/to/preferred/local/directory:/music-videos
    environment:
      - TZ=America/New_York
      - PUID=1000
      - PGID=1000
      - autoStart=true
      - enableAudioScript=true
      - enableVideoScript=true
      - scriptInterval=15m
      - configureLidarrWithOptimalSettings=true
      - searchSort=date
      - audioFormat=native
      - audioBitrate=lossless
      - requireQuality=true
      - enableReplaygainTags=true
      - audioLyricType=both
      - dlClientSource=both
      - arlToken=Token_Goes_Here
      - tidalCountryCode=US
      - addDeezerTopArtists=true
      - addDeezerTopAlbumArtists=true
      - addDeezerTopTrackArtists=true
      - topLimit=10
      - addRelatedArtists=false
      - numberOfRelatedArtistsToAddPerArtist=5
      - addFeaturedVideoArtists=false
      - plexUrl=http://x.x.x.x:32400
      - plexToken=Token_Goes_Here
      - youtubeSubtitleLanguage=en
    ports:
      - 8686:8686
    restart: unless-stopped
```

# Credits
- [LinuxServer.io Team](https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-lidarr)
- [Lidarr](https://lidarr.audio/)
- [Musicbrainz](https://musicbrainz.org/)
- [Docker multi-arch example](https://github.com/ckulka/docker-multi-arch-example)
- [Beets](https://beets.io/)
- [Deemix download client](https://deemix.app/)
- [Tidal-Media-Downloader client](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader)
- [r128gain](https://github.com/desbma/r128gain)
- [Algorithm Implementation/Strings/Levenshtein distance](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Algorithm_Implementation/Strings/Levenshtein_distance)
- Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)
- [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp)
- [SMA Conversion/Tagging Automation Script](https://github.com/mdhiggins/sickbeard_mp4_automator)
